Document Python linking requirements (#4234)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/install-c-api.mdx

* A C compiler: for example, GCC on Linux and Clang on MacOS. Qiskit's C API is compatible with a compiler conforming to the [C11](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C11_(C_standard_revision)) standard.
* [`cbindgen`](https://github.com/mozilla/cbindgen): a tool to create the C header, which you can install with `cargo install cbindgen`
    Note that running the tool from the command line should be enabled, which might require exporting your `PATH` variable to include `/path/to/.cargo/bin`

> * Python library installed (Python 3.9+): The Python library is required during dynamic linking. Notice that Python *is not* needed at runtime. See [this issue](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/issues/14240) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
* Python library installed (Python 3.9+): The Python library is required during dynamic linking. Notice that Python is not used at runtime and the interpreter is never initialized, only the symbols need to be defined. See [this issue](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/issues/14240) for more details.
```

> * Python library installed (Python 3.9+): The Python library is required during dynamic linking. Notice that Python is not used at runtime and the interpreter is never initialized, only the symbols need to be defined. See [this issue](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/issues/14240) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Python library installed (Python 3.9+): The Python library is required during dynamic linking. Notice that Python is not used at runtime and the interpreter is never initialized, only some symbols from `libpython` need to be defined. See [this issue](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/issues/14240) for more details.
```
Maybe this?
